java c Module: ICT Skills (Stage 1) ICT Skills Stage 1 – 202403 - Coursework October 2024Your coursework for the Information and Communications Technology (ICT Skills) Module consists of two sections:Section A is a project in which you can demonstrate your skills in Microsoft Office software.Section B you will demonstrate your ability to employ AI generated research material to assist in the production of an original essay of your own..Your marks for both sections will contribute 40% to your overall total for the module.Please note that the four tasks of Section A and the essay for Section B must be uploaded together as a single Word file to Turnitin by 17.00pm on Wednesday 13th November 2024.ICT COURSEWORK  SECTION A    (80 marks)Scenario:  Heat Pumps for PompeyIn this scenario you are to imagine that you are a graduate intern working for Portsmouth City Council. You have been asked to investigate how local residents could be encouraged to install heat pumps for their house. This would reduce the impact of the City on the environment and help to combat climate change.You will first design an electronic questionnaire which can (theoretically) be emailed to Portsmouth residents. The data gathered by your questionnaire will then be analysed using Access and Excel and subsequently incorporated into a PowerPoint presentation. Although your questionnaire should be capable of being emailed do NOT actually do this. Instead 'make up' your own answers from twenty imaginary people.Your work will be carried out in four stages, or 'Tasks', like this:Task 1 will gather data on people’s opinions about heat pumps.Task 2 will analyse some of the text data that has been gathered.Task 3 will analyse numerical data.Task 4 will be the design of a PowerPoint presentation about this analysis.Here are these four tasks described in detail and showing how your work will be assessed. Task 1: Microsoft Word    (20 marks)First you will sample ideas using a questionnaire, developed in Microsoft Word, containing your own questions similar to these:Are you concerned about global climate change?How great a risk does Portsmouth have of flooding?What is your approximate cost of heating your house per year?Do you understand what a heat pump does?How much would you pay for the installation of a heat pump?What percentage grant should the Government give?Include a minimum of 10, and maximum of 15, questions. They must generate both text and numerical data for analysis. The questionnaire should be designed so that it could be sent as an email attachment. It must contain these controls: option buttons, check box, date picker and drop-down list. You then need to generate data from twenty questionnaires.Marking criteria for Task 1:Inclusion of a check box (3 marks)Inclusion of a set of option buttons (3 marks)Inclusion of  a drop down list (3 marks)Inclusion of a date picker (3 marks)Use of appropriate questions (4 marks)Attractive overall design (4 marks) Task 2: Access    20 marksNext you will analyse some of the text data which has been generated from your questionnaire. You will do this by designing a single table in Access. This should be populated and then a query designed to extract a selected portion of the data. Finally a report should be created from the table using the report wizard, Use screen captures, pasted into your single Word document to provide evidence for the Access you have achieved.Marking criteria for Task 2:Screen shot of table in design view (2 marks)Appropriate field names selected 代 写ICT Skills Stage 1 – 202403 - CourseworkR 代做程序编程语言(2 marks)Correct choice of data types (2 marks)Primary key selected (2 marks)Screen shot of populated table (2 marks)Screen shot of query in design view (2 marks)Choice of criterion (2 marks)Relevant check box settings (2 marks)Screen shot of working query (2 marks)Screen shot of report (2 marks) Task 3: Microsoft Excel    20 marksNow you will analyse some of your numerical data by creating an Excel spreadsheet. This sheet should contain formulas which will calculate mean, median, mode, standard deviation and correlation. It must also contain a pie chart. Provide evidence of your Excel by pasting further screenshots into the same Word document which contains Task 1 and Task 2. For each formula your screenshots should show both the formula itself and the numerical result it creates.Marking criteria for Task 3:Calculation of mean (3 marks)Calculation of median(3 marks)Calculation of mode (3 marks)Calculation of standard deviation (3 marks)Calculation of correlation (3 marks)Inclusion of pie chart (5 marks) Task 4: Microsoft PowerPoint    20 marksFinally you will design a PowerPoint presentation about what you have developed in Tasks 1, 2 and 3. Only your design of this presentation will be assessed. You do not actually have to give it. Include screen shots of your slides pasted into the same Word document as for the previous three tasks. The presentation should contain a minimum of 10 slides and a maximum of 15Marking criteria for Task 4:Creation of a minimum of 10 slides (3 marks)Introduction to your project (3 marks)Indication of the questionnaire employed (3 marks)Explanation of Access used (3 marks)Explanation of Excel used (3 marks)Concluding remarks (5 marks) ICT COURSEWORK  SECTION B    (20 marks)In this section you will produce an essay, between 400 and 500 words in length, explaining why installing a heat pump is a potential way of combatting climate change. This essay will also demonstrate you ability to employ AI generated resource material in creating original work of your own,Your work for this section will consist of three parts. Only Part 3 is marked by the assessor. It is Part 3 which gives the opportunity of achieving 20 marks towards your overall total for this assignment.Part 1Use an online AI source to obtain information about heat pumps. Reproduce (ie paste) approximately 300 words of this material into Section B of your coursework.Part 2Use a further online AI source to obtain information about climate change. Reproduce (ie paste) approximately 300 words of this material into Section B of your coursework.Part 3Write an essay, between 400 and 500 words in length, with the title ,Heat pumps oppose climate change’Marking scheme for Section B:Relevant material derived from first AI resource (5 marks)Relevant material derived from second AI resource (5 marks)Absence of any direct copying of resource material (5 marks)Accuracy and relevance of essay content (5 marks) ILSC Study Skills Incorporated and Tested Please note that your assignment will have covered these specific skills SkillsYes/NoComments Presentation Skills Yes Use of Word in coursework Self - Directed Study Yes Use of online AI generated material Writing Skills (Accuracy, Coherence) Yes Content of Section B essay Analysis and Problem Solving Yes Use of Access and Excel (Tasks 2 and 3) Planning Aspects (Structure, Content Development) Yes Development of structured PowerPoint (Task 4)

   加QQ codinghelp Email: cscholary@gmail.com
